
Vergleich von Sätzen:
Modell-Ausgabe: &gt; Lest I should be misjudged (the reader will any way judge me the warmest body that ever breathed, as intimates have told me) I further confess that during the year ending March, 1921, I visited at another fort about once a fortnight a 20yearold private whom I planned to adopt (not legally) as son to live with me the rest of my life. I previously looked over, at ball games at the post, the entire commonsoldier personnel of several hundred in order to pick out one of the three or four handsomest. Even at my first visit, one or two of the privates with whom I exchanged words evidently took me for an androgyne looking for a sweetheart, and did their best to be "the lucky dog." But I passed the poor fellows by until I could get intimately acquainted with one of the three or four preeminent Adonises. I later ascertained that the one selected —greatly to his joy and to the envy of numerous "buddies"— excelled in disposition and character as much as in good looks. I also learned he had been brought up in the back woods and had never attended school a single day, although he had learned to read and write a little after entering the army. After I had known him intimately for nine months, his enlistment expired. Only now I disclosed my true name and station and took him to live in my own home, where I had been all by myself, doing my own housework like a woman. Although I had loaded him with gifts, this my "third adopted son" took French leave after only three days' residence with me. His "buddies" told me he had gone away to marry the girl with whom I had known he had been corresponding.
Referenz: Lest I should be misjudged (the reader will any way judge me the warmest body that ever breathed, as intimates have told me) I further confess that during the year ending March, 1921, I visited at another fort about once a fortnight a 20yearold private whom I planned to adopt (not legally) as son to live with me the rest of my life. I previously looked over, at ball games at the post, the entire commonsoldier personnel of several hundred in order to pick out one of the three or four handsomest. Even at my first visit, one or two of the privates with whom I exchanged words evidently took me for an androgyne looking for a sweetheart, and did their best to be "the lucky dog." But I passed the poor fellows by until I could get intimately acquainted with one of the three or four preeminent Adonises. I later ascertained that the one selected—greatly to his joy and to the envy of numerous "buddies"—excelled in disposition and character as much as in good looks. I also learned he had been brought up in the back woods and had never attended school a single day, although he had learned to read and write a little after entering the army. After I had known him intimately for nine months, his enlistment expired. Only now I disclosed my true name and station and took him to live in my own home, where I had been all by myself, doing my own housework like a woman. Although I had loaded him with gifts, this my "third adopted son" took French leave after only three days' residence with me. His "buddies" told me he had gone away to marry the girl with whom I had known he had been corresponding.
Ähnlichkeit der Sätze: 1.00
Löschung: '&gt; ' fehlt in der Referenz
Übereinstimmung: 'Lest I should be misjudged (the reader will any way judge me the warmest body that ever breathed, as intimates have told me) I further confess that during the year ending March, 1921, I visited at another fort about once a fortnight a 20yearold private whom I planned to adopt (not legally) as son to live with me the rest of my life. I previously looked over, at ball games at the post, the entire commonsoldier personnel of several hundred in order to pick out one of the three or four handsomest. Even at my first visit, one or two of the privates with whom I exchanged words evidently took me for an androgyne looking for a sweetheart, and did their best to be "the lucky dog." But I passed the poor fellows by until I could get intimately acquainted with one of the three or four preeminent Adonises. I later ascertained that the one selected'
Löschung: ' ' fehlt in der Referenz
Übereinstimmung: '—greatly to his joy and to the envy of numerous "buddies"—'
Löschung: ' ' fehlt in der Referenz
Übereinstimmung: 'excelled in disposition and character as much as in good looks. I also learned he had been brought up in the back woods and had never attended school a single day, although he had learned to read and write a little after entering the army. After I had known him intimately for nine months, his enlistment expired. Only now I disclosed my true name and station and took him to live in my own home, where I had been all by myself, doing my own housework like a woman. Although I had loaded him with gifts, this my "third adopted son" took French leave after only three days' residence with me. His "buddies" told me he had gone away to marry the girl with whom I had known he had been corresponding.'

Vergleich von Sätzen:
Modell-Ausgabe: &gt; Having lost him, I immediately started in to cultivate at the same barracks its preeminent Adonis, and almost its preeminent Hercules, with a view to his nonlegal adoption to live with me as son the rest of my life after a ninemonths apprenticeship during which he would not know my real name, station in life, or place of residence. It is easy to conceal these things from common soldiers. They are not inquisitive. They believe my misrepresentations of myself—necessary because androgynes are the favorite victims of blackmailers. But after a month, this latest favorite committed theft and I never saw him again. His "buddies" told me that he had stolen two blankets, "government property," and was therefore sentenced to two years in military prison. If I am correctly informed, court martials often impose on an enlisted man caught in a misdemeanor a prison sentence several times as lengthy as would a civil court. I take this opportunity to enter a plea for better treatment of common soldiers, who have been my "pals" for a quarter of a century—particularly for punishments by court martial no more severe than by civil courts. Sometimes I have thought that when an uneducated young man enlists to defend his country as a common soldier, he thereby forfeits all rights of citizenship and all privileges guaranteed by the
Referenz: Having lost him, I immediately started in to cultivate at the same barracks its preeminent Adonis, and almost its preeminent Hercules, with a view to his nonlegal adoption to live with me as son the rest of my life after a ninemonths apprenticeship during which he would not know my real name, station in life, or place of residence. It is easy to conceal these things from common soldiers. They are not inquisitive. They believe my misrepresentations of myself—necessary because androgynes are the favorite victims of blackmailers/ But after a month, this latest favorite committed theft and I never saw him again. His "buddies" told me that he had stolen two blankets, "government property," and was therefore sentenced to two years in military prison. If I am correctly informed, court martials often impose on an enlisted man caught in a misdemeanor a prison sentence several times as lengthy as would a civil court. I take this opportunity to enter a plea for better treatment of common soldiers, who have been my "pals" for a quarter of a century—particularly for punishments by court martial no more severe than by civil courts. Sometimes I have thought that when an uneducated young man enlists to defend his country as a common soldier, he thereby forfeits all rights of citizenship and all privileges guaranteed by the
Ähnlichkeit der Sätze: 0.61
Ersetzung: '&' in der Modell-Ausgabe durch 'Havin' in der Referenz
Übereinstimmung: 'g'
Ersetzung: 't;' in der Modell-Ausgabe durch ' lost him, I immediately started in to cultivate at the same barracks its preeminent Adonis, and almost its preeminent' in der Referenz
Übereinstimmung: ' H'
Ersetzung: 'avin' in der Modell-Ausgabe durch 'ercules, with a view to his nonle' in der Referenz
Übereinstimmung: 'g'
Ersetzung: ' lost him' in der Modell-Ausgabe durch 'al adoption to live with me as son the rest of my life after a ninemonths apprenticeship during which he would not know my real name' in der Referenz
Übereinstimmung: ', '
Einfügung: 'station in life, or place of residence. ' fehlt in der Modell-Ausgabe
Übereinstimmung: 'I'
Ersetzung: ' immediately started in to cultivate at the same' in der Modell-Ausgabe durch 't is easy to conceal these things from common soldiers. They are not inquisitive. They' in der Referenz
Übereinstimmung: ' b'
Ersetzung: 'arr' in der Modell-Ausgabe durch 'elieve my misrepresentations of myself—necessary because androgynes are the favorite victims of bl' in der Referenz
Übereinstimmung: 'ack'
Ersetzung: 's its preeminent Adonis, and almost its preeminent Hercules, with a view to his nonlegal adoption to live with me as son the rest of my life after a ninemonths apprenticeship during which he would not know my real name, station in life, or place of residence. It is easy to conceal these things from common soldiers. They are not inquisitive. They believe my misrepresentations of myself—necessary because androgynes are the favorite victims of blackmailers.' in der Modell-Ausgabe durch 'mailers/' in der Referenz
Übereinstimmung: ' But after a month, this latest favorite committed theft and I never saw him again. His "buddies" told me that he had stolen two blankets, "government property," and was therefore sentenced to two years in military prison. If I am correctly informed, court martials often impose on an enlisted man caught in a misdemeanor a prison sentence several times as lengthy as would a civil court. I take this opportunity to enter a plea for better treatment of common soldiers, who have been my "pals" for a quarter of a century—particularly for punishments by court martial no more severe than by civil courts. Sometimes I have thought that when an uneducated young man enlists to defend his country as a common soldier, he thereby forfeits all rights of citizenship and all privileges guaranteed by the'
