
Vergleich von Sätzen:
Modell-Ausgabe: Methods of Torture. 261
Referenz: Methods of Torture.
Ähnlichkeit der Sätze: 0.90
Übereinstimmung: 'Methods of Torture.'
Löschung: ' 261' fehlt in der Referenz

Vergleich von Sätzen:
Modell-Ausgabe: 
Referenz: 
Ähnlichkeit der Sätze: 1.00

Vergleich von Sätzen:
Modell-Ausgabe: dislocated at the elbow, with the arm muscles twisted —positive indications of external violence. \[I myself have been tortured by a ruffian's seizing me by the wrist and twisting around my arm so that I had to shriek in agony.\]
Referenz: dislocated at the elbow, with the arm muscles twisted—positive indications of external violence. [I myself have been tortured by a ruffian's seizing me by the wrist and twisting around my arm so that I had to shriek in agony.]
Ähnlichkeit der Sätze: 0.99
Übereinstimmung: 'dislocated at the elbow, with the arm muscles twisted'
Löschung: ' ' fehlt in der Referenz
Übereinstimmung: '—positive indications of external violence. '
Löschung: '\' fehlt in der Referenz
Übereinstimmung: '[I myself have been tortured by a ruffian's seizing me by the wrist and twisting around my arm so that I had to shriek in agony.'
Löschung: '\' fehlt in der Referenz
Übereinstimmung: ']'

Vergleich von Sätzen:
Modell-Ausgabe: The Medical Examiner declared the absence of water in the lungs developed by the autopsy showed beyond question that Q was dead when his body entered the water. . . . He had seventyseven cents in his pockets when his body was found. \[Evidence of robbery, considering that he was a welltodo youth on a visit to a great city distant from his college. My theory is, on the basis of intimæte knowledge of the practices of androgynes, that he scraped acquaintance with one or more gangsters, while adopting a girl's role. Many gangsters cordially hate bisexuals. Because of this hatred, as well as to escape prosecution after robbing Q, the gangsters murdered him and threw his dead body into the river—probably in the vicinity. Again the fundamental cause of the death of another androgyne is the terribly false teaching of the Church and public opinion as to the nature of bisexuality.\]
Referenz: The Medical Examiner declared the absence of water in the lungs developed by the autopsy showed beyond question that Q was dead when his body entered the water He had seventyseven cents in his pockets when his body was found. [Evidence of robbery, considering that he was a welltodo youth on a visit to a great city distant from his college. My theory is, on the basis of intimate knowledge of the practices of androgynes, that he scraped acquaintance with one or more gangsters, while adopting a girl's role. Many gangsters cordially hate bisexuals. Because of this hatred, as well as to escape prosecution after robbing Q, the gangsters murdered him and threw his dead body into the river—probably in the vicinity. Again the fundamental cause of the death of another androgyne is the terribly false teaching of the Church and public opinion as to the nature of bisexuality.]
Ähnlichkeit der Sätze: 0.92
Übereinstimmung: 'The Medical Examiner declared the absence of water in the lungs developed by the autopsy showed beyond question that Q was dead when his body entered the water'
Einfügung: ' He had seventyseven cents in his pockets when his body was found' fehlt in der Modell-Ausgabe
Übereinstimmung: '. '
Löschung: '. . . He had seventyseven cents in his pockets when his body was found. \' fehlt in der Referenz
Übereinstimmung: '[Evidence of robbery, considering that he was a welltodo youth on a visit to a great city distant from his college. My theory is, on the basis of intim'
Ersetzung: 'æ' in der Modell-Ausgabe durch 'a' in der Referenz
Übereinstimmung: 'te knowledge of the practices of androgynes, that he scraped acquaintance with one or more gangsters, while adopting a girl's role. Many gangsters cordially hate bisexuals. Because of this hatred, as well as to escape prosecution after robbing Q, the gangsters murdered him and threw his dead body into the river—probably in the vicinity. Again the fundamental cause of the death of another androgyne is the terribly false teaching of the Church and public opinion as to the nature of bisexuality.'
Löschung: '\' fehlt in der Referenz
Übereinstimmung: ']'
